Improve documentation (#29)
OpenTermsArchive/deployment: README.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| `ota_federated_api_repo` | Repository URL of the federated API code | `https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/federated-api.git` |
| `ota_federated_api_directory` | Path of the directory where the code will be deployed on the server | `federated-api` |

> | `ota_federated_api_branch` | Git branch or tag of the federated API repository to use | `main` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ota_federated_api_branch` | [Git tree-ish](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#Documentation/gitglossary.txt-aiddeftree-ishatree-ishalsotreeish) (branch name, tag name…) of the federated API repository to use | `main` |
```
